docs/index.adoc, before:

//
// ============================================ Asciidoc HEADER =============================================
//
:doctype: book
:pagenums:
:numbered!:
// get rid of PDF 'Chapter' labs on level 1 headings
:chapter-label:
//
// HTML-only attributes
//
:linkcss:
:keywords: openEHR, ITS, REST APIs, XSD, JSON-Schema, BMM
:description: openEHR Implementation Technology Specifications Component (ITS)
:sectanchors:

include::{ref_dir}/docs/boilerplate/global_vars.adoc[]

//
// ============================================ Asciidoc PREAMBLE =============================================
//

image::{openehr_logo}["openEHR logo",align="center"]

image::openehr_block_diagram.svg["openEHR components",align="center",width="60%"]

= Implementation Technology Specifications Component (ITS) - {its_release}

// Use the following version for 'latest'
ifeval::["{its_release}" == "latest"]
[.title-para]
{component_prs}[Open Issues^] | {component_roadmap}[Roadmap^] | {component_history}[Previous Releases^] 
endif::[]

// Use the following version for a named release
ifeval::["{its_release}" != "latest"]
:its_prs_fixed: {component_prs_fixed}{its_release}/issues
:its_crs_done: {component_crs_done}{its_release}/changes
[.title-para]
{its_prs_fixed}[Issues Fixed^] | {its_crs_done}[Changes Implemented^] | {component_roadmap}[Roadmap^] | {component_history}[Change History^]
endif::[]

== Specifications

[cols="1,5", options="header"]
|===
h|Specification h|Description

2+^|REST APIs

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/ehr.html[EHR API]
|This specification describes service endpoints, resources, functions and operations as well as details of requests and responses that interacts with an openEHR EHR API in a RESTful manner.

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/query.html[Query API]
|This specification describes service endpoints, resources, functions and operations as well as details of requests and responses that interacts with an openEHR query API in a RESTful manner.

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/definitions.html[Definitions API]
|This specification describes service endpoints, resources, functions and operations as well as details of requests and responses that interacts with the openEHR definitions API in a RESTful manner. Definitions includes Archetypes, Templates and Operational Templates (OPTs).

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-REST/tree/master/src[API .apib files]
|API specification as Blueprint files.


2+^|Simplified Data Template (SDT)

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/json_data_template.html[JDT]
|Simplified Data Template specification - a simplified data representation for committing data to the openEHR EHR.


2+^|XML Schemas (XSDs) - Release 1.0.2

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/Release-1.0.2/RM[RM stable XSDs]
|Stable (original) XML schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.2.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-XML/tree/Release-1.0.2[all XSDs]
|openEHR XSDs Release 1.0.2 on Github.


2+^|XML Schemas (XSDs) - {its_xml_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.0.2[BASE 1.0.2]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Base Models Release-1.0.2.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/BASE/latest[BASE latest]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR latest Base Models (draft Release-1.1.0).

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.2[RM 1.0.2]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.2.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.3[RM 1.0.3]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.3.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.4[RM 1.0.4]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/latest[RM latest]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR latest Reference Model.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/AM/Release-1.4[AM 1.4]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Archetype Model (ADL/AOM) 1.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/AM/OET[Templating]
|Simple XML format for templates (OET based).

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/AM/latest[AM 2.x]
|XML schema 1.1 the openEHR Archetype Model (ADL/AOM) 2.0.6 (latest).

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/QUERY/latest[QUERY draft]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR latest AQL Result_set model.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-XML[all XSDs]
|openEHR XSDs on Github.

		
2+^|Java

|{openehr_git}/java-libs/tree/master/oet-parser[Java OET parser]
|Simple OET file parser in Java

		
2+^|JSON Schema files - {its_json_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.1.0[BASE 1.1.0]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Base Models Release-1.1.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/AM/Release-1.4[AM 1.4]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Archetype Model Release-1.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/AM/Release-2.0.6[AM 2.0.6]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Archetype Model Release-2.0.6.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.4[RM 1.0.4]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/PROC/latest[PROC latest]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR latest PROC component.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-JSON[all schemas]
|openEHR Json schemas on Github.


2+^|Basic-Meta Model files (BMMs) - {its_bmm_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.0.0[BASE Model 1.0.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR BASE component Release-1.0.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.1.0[BASE Model 1.1.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR BASE component Release-1.1.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/LANG/Release-1.0.0[LANG 1.0.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR LANG component models Release-1.0.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/original/Release-1.0.2[RM 1.0.2 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.2.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.3[RM 1.0.3 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.3.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.4[RM 1.0.4 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/PROC/Release-1.0.0[PROC 1.0.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR PROC component Release-1.0.0.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-BMM[all BMMs]
|openEHR BMMs on Github.

|===

Commit message:

fixing typo and wrong text; adding API Overview link

docs/index.adoc, after:

//
// ============================================ Asciidoc HEADER =============================================
//
:doctype: book
:pagenums:
:numbered!:
// get rid of PDF 'Chapter' labs on level 1 headings
:chapter-label:
//
// HTML-only attributes
//
:linkcss:
:keywords: openEHR, ITS, REST APIs, XSD, JSON-Schema, BMM
:description: openEHR Implementation Technology Specifications Component (ITS)
:sectanchors:

include::{ref_dir}/docs/boilerplate/global_vars.adoc[]

//
// ============================================ Asciidoc PREAMBLE =============================================
//

image::{openehr_logo}["openEHR logo",align="center"]

image::openehr_block_diagram.svg["openEHR components",align="center",width="60%"]

= Implementation Technology Specifications Component (ITS) - {its_release}

// Use the following version for 'latest'
ifeval::["{its_release}" == "latest"]
[.title-para]
{component_prs}[Open Issues^] | {component_roadmap}[Roadmap^] | {component_history}[Previous Releases^] 
endif::[]

// Use the following version for a named release
ifeval::["{its_release}" != "latest"]
:its_prs_fixed: {component_prs_fixed}{its_release}/issues
:its_crs_done: {component_crs_done}{its_release}/changes
[.title-para]
{its_prs_fixed}[Issues Fixed^] | {its_crs_done}[Changes Implemented^] | {component_roadmap}[Roadmap^] | {component_history}[Change History^]
endif::[]

== Specifications

[cols="1,5", options="header"]
|===
h|Specification h|Description

2+^|REST APIs - {its_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/index.html[API Overview]
|An overview of various aspects of openEHR APIs.

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/ehr.html[EHR API]
|This specification describes service endpoints, resources, functions and operations as well as details of requests and responses that interacts with an openEHR EHR API in a RESTful manner.

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/query.html[Query API]
|This specification describes service endpoints, resources, functions and operations as well as details of requests and responses that interacts with an openEHR Query API in a RESTful manner.

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/definitions.html[Definitions API]
|This specification describes service endpoints, resources, functions and operations as well as details of requests and responses that interacts with the openEHR Definitions API in a RESTful manner. Definitions includes Archetypes, Templates and Operational Templates (OPTs).

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-REST/tree/master/src[API .apib files]
|API specification as Blueprint files.


2+^|Simplified Data Template (SDT)

|link:/releases/ITS-REST/{its_release}/simplified_data_template.html[SDT]
|Simplified Data Template specification - a simplified data representation for committing data to the openEHR EHR.


2+^|XML Schemas (XSDs) - Release 1.0.2

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/Release-1.0.2/RM[RM stable XSDs]
|Stable (original) XML schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.2.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-XML/tree/Release-1.0.2[all XSDs]
|openEHR XSDs Release 1.0.2 on Github.


2+^|XML Schemas (XSDs) - {its_xml_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.0.2[BASE 1.0.2]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Base Models Release-1.0.2.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/BASE/latest[BASE latest]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR latest Base Models (draft Release-1.1.0).

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.2[RM 1.0.2]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.2.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.3[RM 1.0.3]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.3.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.4[RM 1.0.4]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/RM/latest[RM latest]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR latest Reference Model.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/AM/Release-1.4[AM 1.4]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR Archetype Model (ADL/AOM) 1.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/AM/OET[Templating]
|Simple XML format for templates (OET based).

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/AM/latest[AM 2.x]
|XML schema 1.1 the openEHR Archetype Model (ADL/AOM) 2.0.6 (latest).

|link:/releases/ITS-XML/{its_xml_release}/components/QUERY/latest[QUERY draft]
|XML schema 1.0 of the openEHR latest AQL Result_set model.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-XML[all XSDs]
|openEHR XSDs on Github.

		
2+^|Java

|{openehr_git}/java-libs/tree/master/oet-parser[Java OET parser]
|Simple OET file parser in Java

		
2+^|JSON Schema files - {its_json_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.1.0[BASE 1.1.0]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Base Models Release-1.1.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/AM/Release-1.4[AM 1.4]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Archetype Model Release-1.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/AM/Release-2.0.6[AM 2.0.6]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Archetype Model Release-2.0.6.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.4[RM 1.0.4]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-JSON/{its_json_release}/components/PROC/latest[PROC latest]
|JSON Schemas of the openEHR latest PROC component.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-JSON[all schemas]
|openEHR Json schemas on Github.


2+^|Basic-Meta Model files (BMMs) - {its_bmm_release}

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.0.0[BASE Model 1.0.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR BASE component Release-1.0.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/BASE/Release-1.1.0[BASE Model 1.1.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR BASE component Release-1.1.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/LANG/Release-1.0.0[LANG 1.0.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR LANG component models Release-1.0.0.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/original/Release-1.0.2[RM 1.0.2 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.2.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.3[RM 1.0.3 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.3.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/RM/Release-1.0.4[RM 1.0.4 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR Reference Model Release-1.0.4.

|link:/releases/ITS-BMM/{its_bmm_release}/components/PROC/Release-1.0.0[PROC 1.0.0 BMMs]
|BMM 2.x schema of the openEHR PROC component Release-1.0.0.

|{openehr_git}/specifications-ITS-BMM[all BMMs]
|openEHR BMMs on Github.

|===
